Let me quickly adjust the current situation.
A few days ago, a live master named Alinity decided to copyright.
Complaint c( 0 〰 0 )੭
One of my videos... Is this stalk still funny? I don't think so
Because I used the word "Twitch Thots"
For me, I use this word without any malicious
Even the word is not directly directed at Alinity
Instead, it refers to the films I was watching at the time.
Then she expresses her anger by capturing the income of my film.
Although this kind of thing (copyright complaints) happens very often, it is obvious that she just complained about my copyright in the film.
How can it be super annoying everywhere?
87Twitch 淫女
Really, true and false... Did he really talk about it?
I want to sue this guy’s film copyright, just for this word (Thots), I want to sue his copyright.
YOOO
Can we sue the copyright of the latest Pewdiepie film?
Can it be right now?
He called us Twitch
If she feels offended
And because I am angry with this word
At least I can understand her point of anger but you can’t be angry
You can do this
"I want to sue this person's film copyright because I don't like what he said."
You do this, there are big problems in the law.
Because you abuse the copyright law
I don't know why she (laughs) has been getting worse
This whole thing
But then she publicly announced that she made a lot of money for doing something similar.
Company
Collab
Then they made me a profit
They made a profit of 700 mg last month by relying on the copyright of the film accusing others.
Good money
Good der money [̲̅$̲̅(̲̅ ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°̲̅)̲̅$̲̅]
Stealing someone else’s income
At this time, I haven't said a word in the whole sentence that the whole network is very black. Alinity is based on her mistakes.
And her disgusting words.
I didn't have to respond to this.
Believe it or not, but I don't like to make gossip, but a statement after her stepped on my line.
Push all the questions to me
Then I feel that I have to respond at least... I did the same
But at the same time, I also
I apologized to her. In fact, I apologized twice. Many people told me, "You are so boring."
"You should not apologize to her because her actions are wrong." But this is not my point.
Because of the way she handles the problem
Super super bad
Push all the mistakes to someone other than her
Let me say that at least I can admit that I said something wrong and she can confess her fault.
Then we can end this whole thing and everyone is not owed each other.
These have not happened at all! After I apologized, she also sent a film to respond.
I want to say that Collab really did a really bad thing.
Then I think....
The main problem with the whole thing is that Collab is going to sue for copyright.
Thank you 喔Alinity ヽ〳՞ ᗜ ՞ 〵ง
Let everyone focus on how bad Collab is.
Really the perfect saint, the company you signed the contract.
You also show off their help to get you money by complaining about someone else’s copyright.
It turns out that they are bad people. Are you really talking about the key points?
So she not only did not admit that she complained about the copyright of my film, but it was her fault about her current situation.
Instead, she just blames Collab
In this case, I have not seen that she is actually responsible for her own actions. Why is she still being black?
And why am I still being hated? ? ?乁| ・ 〰 ・ |ㄏ
Later, the film was removed from the fake copyright complaint.
I have been talking about copyright complaints (copy strike is Alinity misuse is actually a copy claim)
And the post says that I am accusing her of the copyright of the film.
I don't know how this might happen, but I can assure you that this is not what I did.
This is not irony, I mean really
Then this is her reaction to this episode.
Youtube didn't ask me about copyright issues at all.
It was directly removed from the shelves.
Really silly
He has a video about me but I can't make a film about him.
Can we sue Pewdiepie's latest video copyright? ⋌༼ •̀ ⌂ •́ ༽⋋
You are right, Alinity is really bad when it is taken off the shelf.
I am very glad that you finally realized this.
(laugh)
The result... she still didn’t learn anything.
I went directly to Youtube and asked them to take the copyright complaint.
There are no problems that I can't see now. As I said, I don't know how this might happen but someone does use my name to sue her movie copyright.
But this is totally wrong, so now the film is on the shelves.
But it is not a trivial matter to abuse copyright. This is why you should not do this.
(laugh)
Then in this video, she said so.
The message I want to convey is, for example, content creators
Should not
Calling a girl slut or kinky woman
Or any nicknames based on their appearance
I won't call you a slut, I never called you a slut.
Why are you so insinuated?
Do you want the situation to be more disadvantageous for me? Do you have to use these things to get yourself back?
HMMMM ? (╭ರ_•́)
Let me remind you: this is your expression
This is the expression when you watch the movie.
She even tweeted that she was unwilling to accept my apology.
This is the point that makes me angry. In his film, I don’t want a personal apology when I take apologize to me.
I want him to know that it is not interesting to talk about a kinky woman because it is "a factor that is a very fascinating factor."
Here she used what I said in the previous film, so she did see my video.
But she is very deliberately ignoring the part of my apologizing to her. "Alinity, I am sorry for calling you Twitch."
"I will definitely be very careful when I use this word in the future."
I said this in the film and there is no ridicule for her.
If you can't accept my apology, what do you want me to do? That is, what else can I do? QQ
This is simply that she is used to things in her way, and her way is to constantly pretend that she is a poor victim.
It’s like if I look like a victim, maybe they will finally come to me.
She is constantly pretending to be a victim, but there is a newsletter from Pew News to give Alinity
No one buys your account. •̀۝•́ ༽╯
I know that I don’t act like a smart person.
But I know that you are not stupid, you don’t know what you are doing.
You reveal your personal clothing in the live.
This is our fault, right? Then I will open the full screen and continue watching.
When I bend over, my butt is facing the camera.
This is also our fault, right?
In the movie, you just want to see your ass. You know that she didn’t do anything.
Deliberately eating deep when eating a popsicle against the camera
This, this is our fault, right? Because you have pain in your mouth, you need to use a popsicle to ice, right?
Oh, you are just playing a game in the invincible short skirt of the century.
This is our fault. We shouldn’t look at it with color. Right?
"Oh everyone, I am just adjusting my camera."
"I don't know what the camera is all about."
"If you have any non-participation"...is our fault
"Oh, sorry, I just pushed the underwear in the middle to let everyone see what it is like to concentrate on the underwear."
"If you have any sexual associations, it is your fault."
"How do you think so?"
"Oh, I am sorry, I just fed the adult actress to eat."
"There is no sexual meaning at all, you want to be your fault."
Seems to see what formula is it?
You may want to say: Oh, these are all specially selected by you. Her type of film is easy to find.
It’s really a dazzling endless
I don’t really have any opinion on this type of film when I say it in my video.
87Twitch 淫女
I am not yelling at the words that seem to be known all over the world.
So you did these things yourself and then I refused to accept my apology when I apologized.
I still apologize twice.
What do you want?
You have been afflicting your situation more and more embarrassed and I have not even done anything.
But by the way, I found this film, in this...
This channel on the channel called "L of the day" has some pretty movies for this event.
And his channel also has experience in original film that has been accused of copyright by Collab DRM.
Just because Alinity is asked to come out
And now my Twitter has long been...
Fully overwhelmed by Alinity's message like retweet
And those who still yell at me and stand on her side are very rare.
I sincerely recommend that you must go and see
ヽ〳՞ ᗜ ՞ 〵ง
She didn’t have any problems with retweeting those messages... But you know, if today I am doing this, it’s really the worst demonstration.
There is a film that she publicly admits, her marriage scams her move to Colombia.
Marry a man
Then she can immigrate to Canada
"You didn't make any money, but you have a lot of work."
"I wanted to say "No, I don't want to die like this" and then I marry a Canadian... I moved to Canada together, then I divorced him."
She has a whole film that is talking about it because you know that the wrong ones are all of us.
Even if she herself publicly admits, the fault is still us.
Many people... a lot of his little fans, a lot of nine-year-old children let me block them on Instagram.
And I want to tell you that the fans are really nine-year-olds, they are very young children.
九All nine children who are watching this film
I know that you are united like the army, just wait for me to order
"Who are we going to attack next! Nine-year-olds! Let's go together!"
"哈哈!"╰༼ ⋋ ‸ ⋌ ༽╯
And they all mistakenly report my situation to the Canadian government. It’s really illegal to do so.
Oh... so 4 illegal counters?
Thank you for your encouragement from the legal expert Alinity.
Yes, we think that she is wrong in marriage scams.
Even if she is very openly speaking, she clearly stated it.
How do you have a face to think that she has committed a marriage fraud?
She did not personally speak these four words.
Everyone has to know what to say for themselves.
I know that this sentence is very strange for me.
But all this is really getting ridiculous
And she later ran out to say
I am not the first person to have been attacked by the community like him (Pewds).
She seems to imply that I have been waiting for the next person to attack but it is obviously her own.
One hand caused such a situation
I don't know how many times I have to reiterate this.
I don't know what to do but everything doesn't stop.
But...you, when you as a content creator
You have to...
Take responsibility for your community
So you use your community to call me out and face it is completely okay, but because you are a relatively small channel
So I am not allowed to defend myself, right? She has been suggesting that I seem to be ban or what.
I think
As a content creator, you have to take responsibility
For those who follow you, and what you said when you have followers
I don't think this is right.
Just let your community
To bully others, just like the way I was bullied
I didn't say anything until I had to be forced to come out and defend myself.
It’s the netizens who’ve left a message based on the bad way of handling and the wrong wording.
Then you blame me on my fans, it’s really dumbfounded.
You have to turn the situation into this
I also tried to solve this, but guess what? The flame is still burning!
Still burning, she then publicly admitted that she has been privileged on Twitch.
But... still our fault, let’s see it directly.
You all imagine that you have lived for five years or a full-time live master.
I used to be drunk
I used to fall and my ass was exposed, but Twitch always supported me behind my back.
It’s like "Oh, everything is fine, you just have to delete that clip, we are very good, it won't be like me." I worked very well with Twitch.
My channel has never been banned for 24 hours and has never been banned.
Maybe this is the problem
She never had to be forced to bear the consequences for her behavior. Twitch gave her a gold medal as she said.
"噢天,Alinity"
"You have violated the Terms of Service, but as long as the film is deleted, we will not ban you."
When the rules on Twitch are super strict, many people are often banned because of these regulations.
But you know, it’s our fault Chad has a response to this
why? Why do you directly ban me when I have naked in my desk? You are jealous -
Do you understand what I am talking about? She obviously has a death-free gold medal.
The gold medal has been hanging on her. That's why she has been playing the victim because she relied on this trick to get rid of many things and you know?
In that reality, this thing is not over yet. I swear to God that she is completely showing that no one can move to her.
She said n-word
Why? ? ?
Black friends call each other
It’s like
It’s a bit like calling your friend’s nephew
You know, Twitch has very strict rules. Many people often get ban because of these regulations.
You shouldn't do this or at least Twitch shouldn't be as harsh as a male reality master.
One of her audience told her to face this word and she responded
"You can't talk about this word again in the future."
Good~喔~
Ok, I have some black blood, so I don't understand why... Why do you want to tell me this?
Ok, I don't know that I actually have 10% black blood, so I don't think I...
whatever
I obviously don't know the right person to comment on this thing but say n-word in this content.
It doesn't seem to be very serious, but she then said, "I can say n-word because I have 10% black blood."
Still speaking
The platform of Twitch has long been obviously biased towards female reality.
There is a guy responsible for the live broadcast, because this is expelled and Twitch also publicly stated
"Please pay attention to us and believe that we are very responsible"
I am not saying that I want Alinity to be ban, but the more I think about it.
The more I think this might be a good idea for her.
If she does not want to apologize
If she keeps on keeping the situation worse, let her pause for a few days, at least
Don't do anything you have done, because it won't improve the situation.
I think this is also a good opportunity for Twitch.
Show that they have no bias on this platform and are fair to anyone
If this is the case, it will be best to let the whole thing come to a successful conclusion.
Then everyone can let go of this because I believe it or not, but I don’t want to let this happen again.
I haven’t tried to bring any wind, just like this, goodbye.
5000 likes can sue Pewdiepie film copyright